Revised pharm-clinical-applications section (#51)
greenelab/knowledge-graph-review: content/04.network_applications.md

Next, the authors applied a random walk to the graph and trained a skip-gram model to generate a low dimensional representation of the graph.
Lastly, the authors constructed a similarity metric that used this space to rank how similar drugs are to their targets [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btx160].
A limitation to this approach is that their graph is missing information such as pharmacological class or drug chemical structure that could improve prediction performance.
Overall, deep learning provides a robust set of techniques that have been shown to outperform most linear approaches in this context [@doi:10.1186/s12859-019-3284-5; @doi:10.1145/3307339.3342161].

Applications that discover new properties of drugs have benefited from using knowledge graphs as a resource.
Most methods to date use matrix factorization and deep learning techniques to produce a low-dimensional representation.
Due to the success of deep learning [@doi:10.1186/s12859-019-3284-5; @doi:10.1145/3307339.3342161] much of the field's focus has shifted to these techniques; however, a possible improvement is to use an ensemble of deep learning techniques and linear methods to improve performance.

> Plus, another area of suggested exploration is to incorporate information such as pharmaceutical classes for drugs or chemical structure to improve detection power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another potential avenue for future work would be to incorporate entity-specific hierarchical information or similarity information to improve detection power.
For drugs, this could include pharmaceutical classes or chemical structure similarities.
```
I think this is consistent with what you're saying here
